Rocio!
Hello. I’m Giselle.
I heard you singing in the market.
Remember?
Yes.
Wow...
You’re even prettier than I remember.
Is your daddy home?
OK. OK.
Mister Aguilar?
Yes.
Giselle.
Founder of “Discover Your Dreams”.
Nice to meet you.
I’d love to steal
five minutes of your time.
I believe Rocio may have the talent
to be in the entertainment business.
But of course,
you’d need to bring her
to our annual audition tomorrow.
If I were you, I’d convince him.
And who is this cutie?
Is he your little brother?
Yes.
What’s your name?
No.
No stage-fathers allowed.
But pick-up is at 7 p.m. Sharp.
- Okay.
- Bye, daddy.
Bye, sweetie.
Give me a hug.
See you later, okay?
Take good care of them.
Don’t worry.
Yeah. Let’s see a cute smile.
Let’s fix something.
Your hair like this.
Yeah, you look like a star.
Hello.
What’s your name?
Teddy Bear.
No, not that name.
Your real name.
Miguel.
Miguel Aguilar.
Nice to meet you, Miguel.
Come with me.
That’s a Mustang.
That’s a very fast car.
I’m hungry.
Wanna get a burger?
Let me guess.
You’re seven and a half.
Is it April?
No. It’s July. July 12. Why?
Then I’m eight.
I’ve got a son just your age.
His name’s Kalen.
And I’m Tim.
Tim Ballard.
But you can call me Timoteo.
Timoteo?
That’s my name in Spanish, right?
It has your name on it.
My sister gave it to me.
You rescue children, right?
Maybe you can help me find her.
Where is your sister?
The beach is the perfect spot
for a photo shoot.
You like the beach, right?
Yes!
Simba? What’s wrong?
My name is not Simba.
Well… From now on, it is.
Ma’am? But my papa doesn’t know.
Your papa knows.
On your feet. Come down, come down.
Let’s go.
Go.
Go, go. Go inside!
No! Where are you taking us?
Please, take us home!
Shut up or you’ll get a beating.
No, please! Help us, please.
Help! Please!
Get us out of here!
And where did they take you?
What do you see?
Four men.
Are they nice men?
Why are you giving me this?
Dad gave it to you.
It’s yours now. Don’t lose it.
Stand up! Get in a line! Now!
Stand up! Come here!
In line, standing up.
- Come.
- No.
- Don’t take him! No!
- Come, come, come!
Want another one?
Here’s the deal:
I can help you,
but you need to help me too.
If you don’t help me,
the bad men...
will find out and they
will kill your sister.
No, no, don’t worry.
Just do what I say,
and your sister will be fine.
Promise me you’ll do
whatever I tell you.
Okay?
Come on, eat, eat up.
Eat, eat.
Ever flown in an airplane?
No?
Captain Miguel, with the stars.
Teddy Bear.
Do you like it?
“Teddy Bear.”
Teddy Bear. I like it.
We’re gonna call you Teddy Bear.
How long you were with her?
A week? A month?
A long time...
Mister Timoteo?
Yes?
Will they hurt my sister now?
I promise...
they will never find out
what you told me.
I promise.
We don’t know for certain,
but we think he spent about...
three months in Tijuana.
You’re a father.
Yes.
May I?
Could you sleep at night knowing that
one of your children’s beds...
is empty?
Please keep this.
No, it’s yours.
Please.
Nice to meet you.
Hey, Mami!
Keep an eye on my Ferrari.
Okay.
Who’s this?
I don’t understand, amigo.
Hi, love.
Hello, pretty.
Calacas!
Vampiro!
This is sweet.
My love…
Pablo Delgado. Nice to meet you.
Loosen up!
Loosen up! Loosen up!
My love…
Pablo Delgado. A pleasure.
Welcome. Beware of your heads.
My soul brother,
A pleasure.
Extravagant.
The pretty boy is horny!
Cheers, hermanos.
Cheers.
For you, papi.
Gracias.
Let’s go.
Quick, so you don’t get wet.
Remember, it’s a party.
This is beautiful.
I died...
and went to heaven.
This is a paradise.
Osorio Rodriguez.
He’s our Don King, papi.
Get happy. Cheer up, cheer up.
Excuse me. Want more?
Respect me, asshole!
Brother…
Now! Green light…
Come.
Hurray! Finally arrived!
Come, come.
Let’s go to the party.
Stop! Hands up!
Nobody moves!
I’m victim! I’m victim!
Stop! Police!
- On the ground! On the ground!
- Calm, calm!
Shut up!
Leave him with me.
Uncuff them.
Come here.
Come here, son.
Do you know what happens
to pedophiles in cell 142?
Just ask your friend Carne.
Okay, okay!
Okay, you asshole, okay!
Okay?
Okay, what?
Asshole, what?
The Scorpion.
Little princess...
It’s time you make me
some real money.
These gringos.
Gracias.
We’re doctors.
Don’t shoot.
We’re doctors. Don’t shoot.
Get down! Get down!
We’re doctors
from the United Nations.
Down, down!
Lay down! Don’t look at me.
Doctors from the United Nations.
Shut up!
Easy, easy!
What do they have?
Vaccines. They’re clean.
Alacran? Alacran, copy?
It seems they’re just vaccines.
Okay, boss.
Why the hell are you looking at me?
Just one of you will come with us.
Who?
- Who’s coming?
- Easy, easy.
Me, here.
The vaccines.
Pass them to me.
Come on. Help him!
Yes. Easy.
What are you talking about?
Do you want your ass full of lead?
No.
Let’s go.
Boss!
Keep moving.
I came here…
I came here to help you.
You need… You need…
I need you to tell me where you sleep.
In which house?
Oh look.
There you are.
Come on, come
on! Get back to work.
Come on.
Take the gringo to check my boys.
Ei, amigo.
Rocio.
No! No! No!
Take it.
Take some of this.
This guy doesn’t know how to play.
Come on. Just take a drink.
I’m gonna check on my little girl.
You need to do exactly what I tell you.
Or they’ll kill us both.
Do you understand?
Why did you scream, my child?
A bad dream.
Poor thing.
Don’t worry.
I can make your bad dream...
go away.
Calm down.
Why are you afraid?
You know I won’t hurt you.
That’s it.
Close your eyes.
Your home.
Let's go.
Boss.
Alacran.
Alacran!
Checho!
Piranha!
Piranha, Piranha!
Yes, sir?
Check the river.
Yeah, yeah. They took the boat!
It’s okay, it’s okay.
Rocio.
It’s me. Your papa.
And your brother, Miguel.